Come on, come on
Go in and kick
I really investigated it all
This is really where Qin Shiyu's father lived
It has been investigated.
Qin Shiyu is the queen Jinling Chuanyi is looking for
See if this father is an alcoholic and a gambler
If you want to do things with a cute identity
Give him some money
Let him sit for you that's the best you want
Who?
You are Wang Zhengguo
Yes, it is.
If you are here to collect debts
Hurry up
I have no money
We're here to discuss a business deal with you
I want you to pretend to be my father
I'll give you 1 million when it's done
Stop, this girl is still as big-tempered as she was when she was a child
What's up?
You know that Qin Xiaojuan is not your girlfriend
Why revenge